Update docker build links (#720)
napari/docs: docs/howtos/docker.md

## Build

Builds are available in the GitHub Container Registry:
- [napari](https://github.com/napari/napari/pkgs/container/napari)
- [napari-xpra](https://github.com/napari/napari/pkgs/container/napari-xpra)

A dockerfile is added to napari root to allow build of a docker image using official napari release.

> It contains two targets built on top of Ubuntu 20.04:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains two targets built on top of the official Python 3.11 slim-bookworm image:
```
I'm not sure this is important. Maybe we just delete it so it's not something that needs to be maintained?

Similarly, below it should say:
* `napari`: The result of `python -m pip install pip install "napari[all]", including all the ...

Author: Yeah, I can go ahead and review the rest of the doc. I just put the PR together when I saw the links :wink:

Reviewer: Updating this is on my todo list 👀 (along with updating the xpra container), so I'd not worry about the whole document. But I just noticed those two lines as being out-dated. We could just remove them.
